I, Lu Xueqin
Would like to marry him
Pardon me?
Can you say that again?
I said he's not a cow
He is also worthy to marry and have children
And I, Lu Xueqing, is his wife
He's not stupid, don't mess around
Huh, male and female?
It doesn't matter what you say
You shut up
Li Xueqin, how did you talk to Mr. Sun?
Apologize soon
For the sake of the old lady
I'll give you one more chance to organize actors
How many times?
This time if I'm not satisfied
Whether you are the Li family or the Lu family
I make you want to go home
Why does this scum love you again?
Don't talk nonsense
Can't afford to offend the Sun family shield
He can't touch anyone with me
What are you wearing?
I can't even take out the congratulatory gift.
Are you still delusional about fighting with the Sun family?
Think about it
Otherwise, grandma won't forgive you.
Have you decided?
Be my daughter-in-law of the Sun family
Or marry this crap?